---
layout: post
title: Gooogle+
summary: Early thoughts on the nascent social network. 
---

<a href=" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/June_29">Yesterday</a> was my birthday, and -- what do you know? -- I got an invitation to join <a href="http://www.google.com/+">Google+</a>. Pretty exciting! I was one of the first of my friends to get on, so I had the opportunity to invite a lot of my buddies and colleagues. My inbox stayed full today with notices from Google that another one of my contacts had joined the network, and would I like to had her to one of my "circles". Circles, by the way, are what sets Google+ apart from other services in this space. As a friend pointed out today, Google+ is kind of like a combination of Twitter and Facebook. You don't "friend" people like in Facebook; you "follow" them like on Twitter. Come to think of it, all day people have been comparing Google+ to Facebook, but it's actually a lot more like Twitter than one would think at first glance. 

Another feature I really like, related to circles, is the "stream". Streams are like the Facebook news feed, except they only contain posts and updates from members of a particular circle. I love that I can separate my feeds that way. When I started putting people into circles, it was based on their role in my life: colleagues, friends, family, &c, &c. But now I am reorganizing my circles based on what kind of streams they will produce. For example, some contacts only posts jokes, funny videos, and whatnot, so I've created a new circle called "funny" for them. For those who generally share information about computers, I've created a group called "computers". See where I'm going with this?

I just started this evening with "sparks". Sparks are things I am interested in. I'm not sure what they do yet, but I have a few just in case it's useful to. 

So that's my first impression of Google+. If you want to connect, visit <a href="http://www.google.com/profiles/waingram">my profile</a> and add me to a circle. Cheers.